Data loading updates doc 1325 (#31)
tigergraph/gui-docs: modules/graphstudio/pages/map-data-to-graph.adoc

=== Add local data file

After clicking btn:[Local File], you will be prompted to choose one or more local files to upload through the GUI.

> image::choose-a-local-file.png[]

Reviewer: This comment is for the `choose-a-local-file.png`. Do we still have the deleted image? Because that choose a local file dialog is still shown after the user uploads the files.

If all the files are uploaded successfully, a message of success will appear at the bottom of the screen.
After you see that message, you may click btn:[Next].

> Once the files are uploaded to the server, they will appear in the "Files on server" list on the left side of the Add Data Files window.

Reviewer 2: The "Files on server" will only display the data format chosen by user in the previous step. If you upload a csv but choose json type, you won't see your csv file in the "Files on server". We should mention that to avoid confusion.

> Once the files are uploaded to the server, they will appear in the "Files on server" list on the left side of the Add Data Files window.

Reviewer: Here the deleted `choose-a-local-file.png` dialog is shown to the user.

Continue with <<Map data files to vertex type or edge type>>.

== Load a JSON file

GraphStudio supports loading files in JSON format as well as in CSV format.
Each line in the uploaded file must contain exactly one JSON object.

Similar to loading a CSV or TSV, you will first see a preview of the JSON file so that you can check the parsing.

> After looking at the preview, choose the data type for each of the JSON fields.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After looking at the preview, you may edit the data key and data type for each of the JSON fields.
```

image::1.png[]

> To map a column in the data file to a vertex or edge field, drag and drop a row (representing a table in a CSV or a key in a JSON file) from the data file to a target on a vertex or edge.

Reviewer: This section is not really accurate. 
A row here does not represet a table in a csv, it represents a column.
Users also won't be drag and dropping to a vertex or edge. They will be drag and dropping from a "row" to the "attribute/primary id/source or target id" of a vertex or edge.
This part is in the right chart on the map data to graph page. Users map from a

image::1.png[]

> To map a column in the data file to a vertex or edge field, drag and drop a specific data point from the data file to a vertex or edge.

Reviewer: Here we don't drag and drop a specific data point from the data file to a vertex or edge. We drag and drop from a row representing a data column(csv)/key(json) in the left table to a target field in the right table. The target field is either an attribute of the vertex/edge, a primary id for vertex or a source and target id for an edge.
